[Music]
oh
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a thriller film about a
group of teenagers trapped in a forest
the wrong turn itself is a remake of a
movie with the same title in several
series
let's follow the storyline wrong turn
the wrong turn begins when a man with
bleached hair named scott comes to a
deserted virginia town
scott arrives at a police station he is
looking for his daughter
jen who has been missing for six weeks
scott was sure jen had last called him
from this town
the police didn't seem to care much
about the case so scott decided to look
for jen at the hotel she was staying at
but the hotel owner believes jen and her
friends have left the hotel and have
moved to another city
scott didn't stay still he then went to
a pub and tried to inquire about jen's
whereabouts
an old man named nate claims to see jen
and her friends but he doesn't know
where they are
nate even advised scott to stop looking
for gem because he thought he would
never find his daughter
scott believes his daughter is somewhere
and he must find her soon
this story is pulled back six weeks
earlier at that time
jen was in a car with her friends there
is her boyfriend
darius who is driving sitting in the
middle seat there was mila and her
boyfriend
adam while in the back there is a couple
of luis and gary
the six of them deliberately took the
time to climb the mountain in the city
of virginia
but on the way suddenly their car tire
burst that's when jen showed her ability
to change car tires
while they were busy changing the car's
tires they didn't realize
from behind the bushes a pair of eyes
were watching them
after arriving at the hotel and checking
in the hotel owner said they had to be
careful to hike the mountain
they have to follow a predetermined path
and don't get off track
because sometimes the forest can be
terrifying in the evening
jen and her friends spend time at the
club they seem to be having fun until
nate arrives and offers to guide them up
the mountain
adam immediately refused but nate didn't
seem so happy
that adam was mocking him behind his
back that they almost got into a fight
that's when jen stepped forward and said
that they weren't the snotty kids nated
said they were
darius himself works in a non-profit
company while she holds two master's
degrees at once
mila is a doctor and adam works for a
software development company
luis and gary own a restaurant in new
york jen says that nate's eyes look
yellow and mila confirms
that he has a liver problem and advises
him to seek medical attention
immediately
hearing those words nate was silent and
backed away
finally the gang continues to have fun
without them knowing
something wrong awaits them in front of
their eyes
on their way home jen and her friends
saw someone standing next to their car
an angry adam tries to shoe the man away
until he throws his drink bottle
suddenly the man disappeared into the
darkness of the night at the hotel
jen informs her father that she is still
with her friends
it was the call that brought her father
to the city the next day
jen went on a morning run before hiking
on the way
she met a woman who was selling
bracelets her name is edith
behind her was a girl who seemed to be
shy edith said the girl's name was
ruthie after buying a bracelet
jen continued her morning run finally
the gang was ready to go hiking
while chatting they began to enter the
appalachian hiking trail
the forest is vast and their young souls
are running wild
they enjoyed the atmosphere so much that
darius finally suggested another idea
darius says if they can see a wartime
relic fort even though jen had warned
that the female hotel owner had banned
the brand from getting out of line
darius insisted until finally the group
decided to follow darius's advice
for hours they explored the forest until
mila almost fell on a cliff
the group had not yet found the fort
that darius was referring to
finally they face a reality that is so
terrible
suddenly a huge log rolled from the top
of the cliff and rushed towards them
they were so scared jen and her friends
immediately ran to save themselves
all of them tumbled among the dry leaves
and tree branches luckily everyone
survived
except for gary the log rolled right
into his face and crushed him
jen woke up covered in wounds as did all
of her friends
they were in shock when they saw gary's
shattered face there was no signal in
the forest so they couldn't call for
help
so the only way is for them to get out
of the woods and ask the police for help
started leading the group looking for a
way out but luis is so angry that he
lost his boyfriend
moreover it was darius's idea that took
them off track
during that debate they realized that
they were now lost while trying to think
of a way out
jen could see a shadow from behind a
tree it was as if someone was following
them
so is the rolling log a deliberate act
night fell
and it started to rain they were utterly
lost and could not find their way home
they had to wait until morning came this
means they have to camp in the middle of
the forest
while sleeping jen wakes up and from
behind the flash of lightning
she could see there were shadows of
people someone was following them all
along
morning is approaching they woke up to a
sunny day but they couldn't find mila
anywhere
mila seemed to have disappeared into the
earth that's when adam stepped on
something
turns out it was a tombstone so they
spent the night in the middle of the
cemetery
darius also found a sign carved into the
rock there was written an organization
that had even been built hundreds of
years ago
but in the end they ignored the sign
luis comes and says his phone is missing
when searched their cell phones all
suddenly disappeared as if someone took
it
jen also told that last night she saw
someone's shadow
maybe that person stole all their phones
realizing all that
adam began to panic and was sure that
mila must have been kidnapped
he immediately ran to find mila by going
deeper into the forest
in the middle of the search jen
encounters the girl she saw in town
ruthie but adam didn't care and tried to
chase after ruthie to tell him where
mila was
while running after ruthie adam fell
that's when jen instructed ruthie to run
away immediately
they had no idea that adam's leg was
actually caught in a chain
the chain turned out to be a trap that
immediately pulled adam's body into a
hole
adam disappeared from sight jen darius
and luis believe
that adam must have been kidnapped just
like mila they couldn't get into the
hole
because a poisonous snake was there so
they decided to find another way
in the middle of the search jen darius
and luis came to a hud in the middle of
the forest
inside the cabin there is much equipment
ranging from bags
glasses cell phones and so on it was as
if the objects belonged to the
disappeared hikers
that's when they saw adam being carried
by two men wearing animal skull masks
they immediately ran and asked the two
men to release adam
but strangely the two men could not
speak english and began to speak in
another language no one noticed
adam suddenly managed to untie his bonds
and immediately hit one of the masked
men
crushing his head the other man managed
to escape
adam was absolutely sure that the two
men were trying to kidnap him
mila must have been killed then suddenly
mila appeared with a confused face
it turned out that she had been hiding
in the bushes all this time
now adam had killed the man and they
decided to immediately leave that
location
the group immediately left trying to
find a way out as quickly as possible
from a forest halfway through
darius stepped on another trap that
directly hit his chest
luckily he didn't get seriously injured
now they realize that the forest is full
of dangerous traps
while walking through the woods luis who
was walking behind suddenly disappeared
it turned out that people with animal
skull masks began to appear
and their numbers were increasing adam
and mila immediately ran away
followed by jen and darius but
unfortunately mila actually fell into
another trap
her body was now covered with stabbing
spears adam couldn't do anything and
immediately ran away
leaving meal alone adam kept running
trying to save his life
but he tripped over a rope trap and
rolled over and almost fainted
that's when a pair of hands appeared and
immediately covered his face with a
burlap sack
he was brought on the other side of the
forest jen
and darius are still trying to escape
now they are trying to hide among the
giant rocks
before they knew it the beast skull
masked men had surrounded them
in fear darius has suddenly pulled away
jen couldn't do anything about it until
the man in the skull mask appeared
and hit her on the head jen wakes up in
a dry puddle with her hands tied
as she screamed for help the well door
opened and edith appeared
jen was so relieved that she had met
edith before but edith didn't seem there
to help her
when she was taken out of the dry well
it turned out that darius adam
and luis were all there with their hands
tied with their heads covered in burlap
they were led into a village with many
people wearing skull masks
faintly jen could see ruthie among the
citizens jen and her friends are put in
a basement
then appeared several people wearing
robes and animal masks
behind the mask was ram skull the leader
of the society
he will also preside over the trial at
first jen was confused by the trial in
question
it was revealed that they knew that a
member of their organization had been
murdered
one guy started telling that he'd been
watching jen and her friends ever since
their tire burst
it turned out that he was the man adam
had pelted with a water bottle while
watching their car parked in the pub but
the most damning testimony was from
morgan
morgan says that he and his brother
samuel are checking the animal traps
they have placed in the forest
they did not think if they caught adam
but on the way
jen and her friends stopped them and
adam killed samuel
now jen and her friends are proven to
have killed the member of their society
ruthie was also there and watched as
adam beat samuel in the head
killing him jen and her friends are
clearly caught up in big trouble
now they have to pay for what adam did
finally adam was bound and placed on a
rock
since he had beaten samuel to death adam
had to go through the same thing
in front of jen darius and luis ramskull
started hitting adam in the face to
finish him off
meanwhile jen darius and luis must
receive another punishment
they will be put into a very dark cave
with no light at all
but before that their eyes and tongues
will be ravaged so they will not be able
to see or speak in the cave
obviously it was a very terrible
punishment and luis was forced to be
blinded and made mute
before he was put into the cave now it's
jen and darius's turn but jen
immediately bids
she tried to think fast and come up with
ideas she begged them to be released
from that terrible cave
in exchange darius would be able to
serve the organization
because he had excellent skills while
jen can only provide herself to be a
wife
according to her she does not suffer
from any disease and is healthy
she can give birth to many healthy
children too who would have thought
jen's offer was
accepted darius is now appointed as one
of the soldiers while jen is taken to
beeram skull's wife
he had to be willing to serve the man
story back to scott who is still not
discouraged looking for jen's
whereabouts
while having dinner at a pub the hotel
owner suddenly came to scott and said
that there was a terrible secret group
in the forest in 1859 a group of people
went into the woods to escape the war
they choose their own way of life
whoever enters the forest will not
survive
the woman reminds scott that he'd better
give up because he won't be able to find
his daughter
while walking back to the hotel scott is
suddenly attacked by nade and his
friends
even though there was a police car
passing by the police did not pay any
attention to it
what's really going on with everyone in
the town the next day
scott still insists on finding jen until
finally the woman who owned the hotel
offered to help him
she then takes scott to meet her nephew
ed by paying some money ed
and hob finally agree to take scott into
the woods but just entering the forest
hobb was caught in a trap because of
their carelessness ed
and hob had to accept the fact that
their lives were lost
now scott must explore the forest alone
night came
after hours of exploring the woods scott
finally arrived at the secret
organization
in the darkness scott was immediately
hit by two guards
he was then dragged behind the fence
when he regained consciousness
scott was so shocked when he realized
that one of the men who caught him was
darius
villagers began to arrive scott tried to
threaten them with his gun until finally
an arrow shot and hit his arm
it turned out that the one who shot him
was jen his own daughter
jen stared at him blankly ram skull
appears and says there is no trial for
him
then tomorrow scott will be executed jen
and ram skull walked away
scott tries to free himself from the dry
well where he is being held in the
middle of the night
suddenly the well door opened and jen
appeared there jen immediately took her
father out and said that they had to run
away
as soon as possible it turns out that
jen's goal was to shoot her father's arm
so he wouldn't be executed right away
she also didn't want to hurt her father
the two fled while looking for darius's
whereabouts but it turns out darius
refuses to run away with jen
after saying goodbye jen sped away with
her father
when the two arrived at the gate
unfortunately the door was locked
even though it was usually left open
that's when ruthie appeared in the
darkness
jen also asks ruthie to help her escape
and it's clear ruthie knows the secret
way
because she often goes out into the
woods alone ruthie led jen and scott
into a cave until she pointed to a door
therein lies the exit for jen jen
initially asked ruthie to come along but
ruthie was too scared and refused
suddenly a man came in dragging a woman
who had been blinded
and had her tongue cut off without
thinking jen shot the man
now they knew they had to flee
immediately now or never
carrying a torch jen immediately led her
father into a very dark cave
it turns out that the cave is where this
organization put all the people they
kidnapped
inside countless men and women were
blinded and made mute
they are just groping for food it's a
terrible place
on the way jen finally met luis with a
very terrible condition
his eyes were blind and he just slumped
in the corner out of pity for luis's
condition
jen shot and killed him now she and her
father fled quickly
the end of the cave is the other side of
the forest but in front of them there is
only a chasm
suddenly from the darkness edith
appeared and tried to attack jen
the two of them struggled until they
fell down the abyss edith died
jen keeps trying to escape while looking
for her father in the dark
suddenly a man appeared and attacked her
this time jen had run out of patience
using a small knife she slaughtered the
man by stabbing him multiple times
now she doesn't let anyone hurt her jen
is reunited with her father and the two
immediately flee further into the forest
while running they are blocked by nate
and his friends at first
jen tried hard against nate who was
carrying a gun but that's when jen
realized that nate wasn't there to hurt
her
they came to help them nate also
explained that thanks to jen
he finally realized the pain of heart
failure besides he purposely hit scott
the other day
to get scott out of the town the goal is
to save scott
now nate and his friends have come to
fight the psychopathic organizations
but their terror was not over members of
the organization
are still popping up jen and her father
immediately fled to the car
ram skull suddenly appeared as if he
didn't want jen to leave him
nate decided to throw a molotov cocktail
and they stepped on the gas
and drove away from the evil forest a
few months later
jen and her father had returned to their
hometown jen who visited her father
asked him to come home soon because they
would have dinner together
jen went home first arriving at the
house
jen did not expect what she found her
stepmother and her two stepbrothers sit
at the dinner table with a man claiming
to be their new neighbor
and those men were none other than ram
skull and ruthie it turns out that ram
skull will not let jen go easily
especially since jen is currently
pregnant with his baby jen tried to
think of a way to get rid of the ram
skull until she finally took the knife
she had kept and tried to kill him
but ram skull is not a weak man so
easily he killed jen's mother and two
half siblings
even though jen was finally able to kill
ram's skull but wait
it turns out it was all just jen's
imagination she wasn't that brave
not wanting to lose her loved ones jen
finally agreed to ram skull's invitation
to return to the forest
she then got into a van and rove away so
maybe we thought the gen would actually
go live in the middle of the woods with
that group of psychopaths again
right turns out the van suddenly swerved
the door opened
and jen came out slashing at the people
there including ramskull
who tried to escape but was also killed
by jen
ruthie quickly followed jen and both of
them managed to survive from a depraved
organization in the middle of the forest
you